Live Meeting CoC (#3)
pittsburgh-aws-meetup/code_of_conduct: live_meetings.md

> With thanks to the Portland Python User Group - https://www.meetup.co...

Reviewer: did you want this to trail off into an elipsis?

Author: no, copypasta error, I'll address

## Harassment

The Pittsburgh AWS User Group is dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs.

Harassment includes offensive verbal or written comments related to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs, deliberate intimidation, threats, stalking, doxing, brigading, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any Pittsburgh AWS User Group event or communication channel. Community members asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

## Self Promotion & Soliciation

> Community members should not use the meetup, or meetup resources for promotion or solicitationwithout approval from the organizers. This includes but is not limited to blogs, social media, external websites, video sharing sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community members should not use the user group, or user group resources for promotion or solicitation without approval from the organizers. This includes but is not limited to blogs, social media, external websites, video sharing sites.
```

Only the spacing issue is needed here, the use of meetup versus user group is up for discussion, but I don't like playing into their brand.

## Repercussions

If a community member engages in negative behavior including but not limited to above, the Pittsburgh AWS User Group organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender, expulsion from the Pittsburgh AWS User Group community, and/or removal from an event.

> If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact an Pittsburgh AWS User Group organizer immediately, or as soon as you feel comfortable doing so.

Reviewer: Should we name the organizers and or have pictures?
